hello this is a light-year music tech
support today we're going to demonstrate
on how to unlock your k2 artist cube in
the okay to or your Neil 22 when you get
your unit should come with a piece of
paper you giving you instructions on how
to unlock your DVD and new USB ports if
you don't unlock them they're not gonna
work alright you set up your unit turn
it on and actually when your unit is
lock it'll say neo G in the background
this one has already been unlocked let's
go to this side let's see what's up with
this side over here okay this is how you
can tell it's something that you'll have
new Aegina background you go to your
keyboard you type in 9 8 7 5 3 and it'll
go to unlock then with next thing you do
you shut it down
and you turn it right back on now you
send me oh gee now it's going to go to
RSQ that's how you can sell huh that
your unit is unlocked when you have
artists queue in the background you'll
be able to use your your CD Rowntree's
and your USB ports if you don't do that
if you don't type in 90s 7-5 3
she will not work you will not be able
to play your CDs or you will not be able
to utilize your USB points again turn
your unit on - 9 8 7 5 3 she she was
gonna say unlock and go from neo gee
it's RSQ that's how you can tell that
your unit is a lot once she says unlock
you turn it off turn your right back on
and you'll be able to use your your knee
okay - or your kneel 20 - thank you